[All Hosts] (browsers) Information about supporting/testing add-ins with IE 11 (#2702)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/support-ie-11.md

---
title: Support Internet Explorer 11
description: 'Learn how to support Internet Explorer 11 and ES5 Javascript in your add-in.'
ms.date: 05/19/2021
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Support Internet Explorer 11

> Office Add-ins are web applications that are displayed inside IFrames when running on Office on the web. Office Add-ins are displayed using embedded browser controls when running in Office on Windows or Office on the Mac. The embedded browser controls are supplied by the operating system or by a browser installed on the user's computer.

Author: The article is in the "Plan" section of the ToC so I think some readers might be beginners to add-ins. This paragraph would help orient them.

If you plan to market your add-in through AppSource or you plan to support certain older versions of Windows and Office, your add-in must work in the embeddable browser control that is based on Internet Explorer 11 (called "Trident"). For information about which combinations of Windows and Office use the Internet Explorer 11 browser control, see [Browsers used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md).

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Internet Explorer 11 doesn't support some HTML5 features such as media, recording, and location. If your add-in must support Internet Explorer 11 (see the second paragraph), then you can't use these features.

Author: done

> Internet Explorer 11 doesn't support JavaScript versions later than ES5. If you want to use the syntax and features of ECMAScript 2015 or later, or TypeScript, you have two options as described in this article. (You can also combine these two techniques.)

Reviewer: Would it be worthwhile to combine this paragraph and "Important" note? They both are describing stuff that's not supported in IE11. Maybe there could be a bulleted list of unsupported features, like:
- JavaScript versions ES6 and later
- TypeScript
- Media
- Recording
- Location

## Use a transpiler

> You can write your code in either TypeScript or in a version of JavaScript later than ES5 and then transpile it at build-time into ES5 JavaScript. The resulting ES5 files are what you upload to your add-in's web application.

Reviewer: Suggestion for brevity.
```suggestion
You can write your code in either TypeScript or modern JavaScript and then transpile it at build-time into ES5 JavaScript. The resulting ES5 files are what you upload to your add-in's web application.
```

> There are two popular transpilers. Both of them can work with source files that are TypeScript or post-ES5 JavaScript. They will both also work with React files (.jsx and .tsx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two popular transpilers. Both of them can work with source files that are TypeScript or post-ES5 JavaScript. They also work with React files (.jsx and .tsx).
```

- [babel](https://babeljs.io/)
- [tsc](https://www.typescriptlang.org/index.html)

> See the documentation for either of them for information about installing and configuring the transpiler in your add-in project. We recommend that you use a task runner, such as [Grunt](https://gruntjs.com/) or [WebPack](https://webpack.js.org/) to automate the transpilation. For examples of add-ins that use transpilers, open [Office Add-ins Patterns and Practices](https://github.com/OfficeDev/PnP-OfficeAddins) repo and search for “target: es5” to find samples that use tsc and search for "babel" to find samples that use babel.

Reviewer: Would it worthwhile just picking a sample that uses those, rather than asking people to search?

> [!NOTE]

> > If you are using Visual Studio (not Visual Studio Code), tsc is probably easiest to use. You can install support for it with a nuget package. For more information, see [JavaScript and TypeScript in Visual Studio 2019](/visualstudio/javascript/javascript-in-vs-2019). To use babel with Visual Studio, you could create a build script and/or use the Task Runner Explorer in Visual Studio and tools like the [WebPack Task Runner](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MadsKristensen.WebPackTaskRunner) or [NPM Task Runner](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MadsKristensen.NPMTaskRunner).

Reviewer: The style guide asks to avoid "and/or". I also find the last part of the last sentence to be confusing because of the "and", so I'm wondering if "with" makes a clearer association of the TaskRunner tools with the explorer.
```suggestion
> If you are using Visual Studio (not Visual Studio Code), tsc is probably easiest to use. You can install support for it with a nuget package. For more information, see [JavaScript and TypeScript in Visual Studio 2019](/visualstudio/javascript/javascript-in-vs-2019). To use babel with Visual Studio, create a build script or use the Task Runner Explorer in Visual Studio with tools like the [WebPack Task Runner](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MadsKristensen.WebPackTaskRunner) or [NPM Task Runner](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MadsKristensen.NPMTaskRunner).
```

## Use a polyfill

> A [polyfill](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polyfill_(programming)) is JavaScript that duplicates some functionality that was introduced in a relatively recent version of JavaScript, but the polyfill is written in an earlier version of JavaScript; so it can run in browsers that don't support the later version. For example, the string method `startsWith` wasn't part of the ES5 version of JavaScript, and so it won't run in Internet Explorer 11; but there are polyfill libraries, written in ES5, that define and implement a `startsWith` method. We recommend the [core-js](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js) polyfill library.

Reviewer: These sentences are on the long side. Consider breaking them up a bit.

```suggestion
A [polyfill](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polyfill_(programming)) is earlier-version JavaScript that duplicates functionality from more recent versions of JavaScript. The polyfill works with in browsers that don't support the later JavaScript versions. For example, the string method `startsWith` wasn't part of the ES5 version of JavaScript, and so it won't run in Internet Explorer 11. There are polyfill libraries, written in ES5, that define and implement a `startsWith` method. We recommend the [core-js](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js) polyfill library.
```

> To use a polyfill library you simply load it like any other JavaScript file or module. For example, you can use a `<script>` tag in the add-in's home page HTML file (for example `<script src="/js/core-js.js"></script>`), or you can use an `import` statement in a JavaScript file (for example, `import 'core-js';`). When the JavaScript engine sees a method like `startsWith`, it will first look to see if there is a method of that name built into the language. If there is, it will call the native method. If, and only if, the method isn't built-in, the engine will look in all loaded files for it. So, the polyfilled version isn't used in browsers that support the native version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a polyfill library, load it like any other JavaScript file or module. For example, you can use a `<script>` tag in the add-in's home page HTML file (for example `<script src="/js/core-js.js"></script>`), or you can use an `import` statement in a JavaScript file (for example, `import 'core-js';`). When the JavaScript engine sees a method like `startsWith`, it will first look to see if there is a method of that name built into the language. If there is, it will call the native method. If, and only if, the method isn't built-in, the engine will look in all loaded files for it. So, the polyfilled version isn't used in browsers that support the native version.
```

Importing the entire core-js library will import all core-js features. You can also import only the polyfills that your Office Add-in requires. For instructions about how to do this, see [CommonJS APIs](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js#commonjs-api). The core-js library has most of the polyfills that you need. There are a few exceptions detailed in the [Missing Polyfills](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js#missing-polyfills) section of the core-js documentation. For example, it doesn't support `fetch`, but you can use the [fetch](https://github.com/github/fetch) polyfill.

> For examples of add-ins that use a polyfill, open [Office Add-ins Patterns and Practices](https://github.com/OfficeDev/PnP-OfficeAddins) repo and search for "core.js".

Reviewer: Same comment as earlier about linking to a specific sample.
